The first rodeo I performed in front of an audience that was eight years old.
We were considered one of the top two acts in rodeo.
My strength lied in my fearlessness.
Even though there was a certain amount of excitement,
it was fun to travel, to be together as a family,
it was empty.
Trickriding is like gymnastics on the back of a running horse.
We've had horses all of our life.
My father specialized in training courses.
He used to send us to the mountains riding all day long.
And then we'd come home in the evening and we would start trickriding.
The way we learned was by a book.
We looked at stick pictures that showed how it should be done
and so it was trial and error.
At the same time that we were learning our horses were learning.
The horse that I rode just let me do anything.
My horse's name was Sweetlips.
I was eight when I got him and I named him myself.
He was like my best friend.
My parents were very active in the rodeo as competitors.
My mom was bell racing.
My father was saddle-brunk rider.
I grew up as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
But when I was very young, maybe six or seven,
my father stopped serving Jehovah.
To be honest with you when they announced that at the Kingdom Hall,
it really didn't have much meaning to me at the time.
I didn't know what it meant.
And I could see people crying and so I cried.
But I didn't really understand it.
Really from that point our family was not active as Jehovah's Witnesses.
I grew up on the road traveling, rodeo to rodeo,
from coast to coast, and from the south to the north,
as far as the roads go.
The four of us rode initially, Connie Kelly,
myself and my brother Jim,
our family traveled together.
That meant a lot to me.
What separated us from the others at the time
was the high speed that we did it at.
And also the difficulty with the tricks that we chose to do.
People were very excited.
They would hire us back at the same place year after year.
Throughout all that time, we did not miss one memorial.
We were always there. There was something in us.
We didn't know it when we were little,
but my parents had succeeded in planting the truth in our hearts.
My link to the truth was my grandmother.
I can remember going to the ranch and visiting her.
She was very busy, but one thing that really sticks in my mind
is she always studied every day.
She read her Bible. Her magazines were studied.
And I think it just put a seed in there
that later on started to grow.
I just felt like I needed direction.
It's like a line was drawn in the sand.
Take one path or the other.
And so ironically, the first book that I picked up to read
was the Bible.
One of the scriptures that probably meant the most to me
was Proverbs 35 and 6.
Trust in Jehovah with all your heart
and do not lean upon your own understanding
and all your ways, take notice of him
and he himself will make your path straight.
I used to think about those words
and what I would have to do to live up to them.
Although we traveled with the rodeo about ten months out of the year,
we did go to the district convention
and the live forever book came out.
And there just came a time when I knew I need to make changes.
Sister started studying with me
and as I started reading the Bible for myself and studying,
then Jehovah became Marielle.
All it took was one or two people in the whole family
followed my father to return to the truth.
Trick writing was our family business.
It was our livelihood.
But we had decided that we were done.
We were going to stop.
With that decision would come
giving up everything we knew.
I think the most difficult thing for me to do was to sell the horse.
You just get such a close bond with them
when you're putting your life in their hands like that.
But I was willing to do that.
I knew what I wanted to do.
I did it.
I got baptized in October of 85.
Our last performance was in February of 86.
We just finished out our contracts.
I started pioneering in September of 86
and I've never stopped.
I also married a man who loves Jehovah.
We've had the privilege of working on international construction projects.
We went to Mexico.
We went to Venezuela.
My father's an elder.
My mom's pioneering.
In fact, all of my siblings have been able to regular pioneer
at some point in their lives.
We're presently in the circuit work.
Serving Jehovah together is such a blessing.
Everything that we do every day is for Jehovah.
That's what I wanted to do when I made this decision.
If I would have taken that other path when I was young,
it may not be a life today.
What I did was dangerous.
Even fame and fortune in the world.
There's nothing there.
I wanted the real life.
I wanted to serve Jehovah.
I have no regrets.
If I could change anything,
when it comes to my service to Jehovah,
I would change nothing.
I would just do it better.